Bugfix 5623 (#5705)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

> - Fix parsing of OTLP exporter header environment variables, make it stop parsing keys and add key validation in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc/internal/envconfig/envconfig.go`(#5704)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Stop percent encoding header environment variables in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc`, `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp`, `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlpmetric/otlpmetricgrpc` and `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlpmetric/otlpmetrichttp` (#5705)
- Remove invalid environment variable header keys in `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracegrpc`, `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlptrace/otlptracehttp`, `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlpmetric/otlpmetricgrpc` and `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/otlp/otlpmetric/otlpmetrichttp` (#5705)
```

Also, please move this entry to be the last one in this changelog section.
